# Individualised tES
<h3>Title: Behavioral Validation of low-intensity individualized transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) protocols</h3>
Link to the paper: <a href="https://doi.org/10.1523/ENEURO.0374-22.2023">https://doi.org/10.1523/ENEURO.0374-22.2023<br> 
<h4> Abstract</h4> Large inter-individual variability in the effects of low-intensity transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) considerably limits its potential for clinical applications. It has been recently proposed that individualizing stimulation dose by accounting for the inter-individual anatomical differences would reduce the variability in the E-fields over the targeted cortical site and therefore produce more consistent behavioral outcomes. However, improvement in behavioral outcomes following individualized dose tES has never been compared with that of conventional fixed dose tES. In this study, we aimed to empirically evaluate the effect of individualized dose tES on behavior and further compare it with the effects of sham and fixed dose stimulations. We conducted a single-blind, sham-controlled, repeated-measures study to examine the impact of tDCS on motor learning and that of tACS on the working memory of 42 healthy adult individuals. Each participant underwent three sessions of tES, receiving either fixed-dose, individualized dose, or sham stimulation over the targeted brain region for the entire behavioral task. Our results showed that the individualized dose reduced the variability in the E-fields at the targeted cortical surfaces. However, there was no significant effect of tES on behavioral outcomes. We argue that although the stimulation dose and E-field intensity at the targeted cortical site are linearly correlated, the effect of E-fields on behavior seems to be more complex. Effective optimization of tES protocols warrants further research considering both neuroanatomical and functional aspects of behavior.
<br>
<br>
The experiment was conducted in two parts:<br> 
<li> Current flow modeling- We used code and pipeline proposed by <a href="https://github.com/caryse/tDCS_dosecontrol">Evans et al., 2020.</a><br>
<li> Repeated measures sham-controlled tES (Both tDCS and tACS)- The behavioral data was analyzed using Python and R.<br>
 
 
